TAXII Server 2 - Updated the way the server serves file hashes and other SCOs (#25392)
demisto/content: Packs/TAXIIServer/ReleaseNotes/2_0_30.md

#### Integrations

##### TAXII2 Server
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/flask-nginx:1.0.0.50558*.

> - Fixed an issue where the server served files, ASN and Windows registry key indicators wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the integration served File, ASN, and Windows registry key indicators in a wrong way.
```
